Weather Icon From QWeather - 天气图标来自和风天气
版权所属 - QWeather https://www.qweather.com
协议 - 知识共享署名4.0 CC-BY-4.0 https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en

Text Font From Sarasa-Gothic - 字体来自更纱黑体
版权所属 - Sarasa-Gothic https://github.com/be5invis/Sarasa-Gothic
协议 - SIL Open Font License 1.1 https://openfontlicense.org/open-font-license-official-text/

LVGL - https://github.com/lvgl/lvgl
协议 - MIT license

TFT_eSPI - https://github.com/Bodmer/TFT_eSPI
协议 - MIT license - https://github.com/Bodmer/TFT_eSPI/blob/master/license.txt

Adafruit INA219 - https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA219
协议 - BSD License - https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_INA219/blob/master/license.txt

ArduinoJson - https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoJson
协议 - MIT license

NTPClient - https://github.com/arduino-libraries/NTPClient
协议 - None

ArduinoUZlib - https://github.com/tignioj/ArduinoUZlib
协议 - Zlib license - https://github.com/pfalcon/uzlib/blob/master/LICENSE

WiFiManager - https://github.com/tzapu/WiFiManager
协议 - MIT license

INA3221 - https://github.com/RobTillaart/INA3221_RT
协议 - MIT license

ESPAsyncWebSerer - https://github.com/ESP32Async/ESPAsyncWebServer
协议 - LGPL-3.0

AsyncTCP - https://github.com/ESP32Async/AsyncTCP
协议 - LGPL-3.0

本项目版权声明 - Copyright Notice
Copyright © iKalyes 2025. 

Link - https://ohwr.org/project/cernohl/-/wikis/uploads/3eff4154d05e7a0459f3ddbf0674cae4/cern_ohl_p_v2.txt

This source describes Open Hardware and is licensed under the CERN-OHL-P v2. 
You may redistribute and modify this documentation and make products using it 
under the terms of the CERN-OHL-P v2. This documentation is distributed WITHOUT 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY 
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Please see the CERN-OHL-P v2 for applicable conditions.

本资料描述了开源硬件，并依据 CERN-OHL-P v2 许可协议发布。您可以在 CERN-OHL-P v2 的条款下重新分发、修改本文件，
并使用其制造产品。本文件不附带任何明示或暗示的保证，包括但不限于适销性、令人满意的质量和特定用途的适用性。
请参阅 CERN-OHL-P v2 以获取适用条件。

CERN 开放硬件许可证第 2 版——宽松型

序言
CERN 制定本许可证的目的是促进硬件设计者之间的协作，并提供一种法律工具以支持以下自由：使用、研究、修改、共享和分发硬件设计及基于这些设计的产品。
CERN 开放硬件许可证第 2 版包含三种变体：本许可证（CERN-OHL-P，宽松型）以及两种互惠型许可证（CERN-OHL-W，弱互惠型；CERN-OHL-S，强互惠型）。

CERN-OHL-P 的版权归 CERN 所有（2020 年）。任何人都可无偿使用本许可证，但仅限未经修改的版本。
使用本许可证不意味着 CERN 对任何许可方或其设计表示认可，也不意味着 CERN 参与其开发。

1 定义
1.1 “本许可证” 指 CERN-OHL-P。
1.2 “源代码” 指可用于制造、测试产品或准备产品以供使用、传播或销售的设计材料或数字代码等信息，无论其媒介或表达形式如何。源代码可能包含“声明”。
1.3 “受保护的源代码” 指明确依据本许可证提供的源代码。
1.4 “产品” 指任何设备、组件、作品或物理对象（无论是成品还是中间形态），其产生源于使用、应用或处理受保护的源代码。
1.5 “制造” 指通过生产、组装、编译、加载、应用受保护的源代码或其他产品等方式创建或配置某物。
1.6 “声明” 包括版权声明、致谢声明、商标声明、声明位置的引用、修改声明（第 3.3(b) 条）以及所有提及本许可证和免责声明的通知。
1.7 “被许可方” 或 “您” 指依据本许可证行使权利的任何个人或实体。
1.8 “许可方” 指创建源代码或修改受保护的源代码，并随后依据本许可证条款传播该受保护的源代码的个人或实体。同一主体可同时作为被许可方和许可方。
1.9 “传播” 指向公众公开或分发。

2 适用范围
2.1 本许可证适用于受保护的源代码及产品的使用、复制、修改、传播和制造。您通过行使本许可证授予的任何权利，即不可撤销地接受本条款。
2.2 本许可证由许可方直接授予您，适用全球范围且无期限限制。
2.3 您不得通过合同或其他方式限制其他被许可方依本许可证享有的权利。
2.4 本许可证不限制合理使用、公平交易或任何类似权利。

3 复制、修改与传播受保护的源代码
3.1 您可复制并传播受保护的源代码的逐字副本（任何媒介），但必须保留所有声明。
3.2 您可修改受保护的源代码（声明除外）。仅当声明不再适用于您修改后的受保护的源代码时，方可删除声明；您可为修改内容添加适用的新声明。
3.3 若您传播修改后的受保护的源代码（此时您将成为许可方），则必须：
　a) 按第 3.2 条保留声明；
　b) 在修改后的受保护的源代码中添加声明，说明修改日期及修改内容摘要。
3.4 您可依据与本许可证不同的条款传播受保护的源代码或修改后的受保护的源代码，但须满足：
　a) 始终遵守第 3.3 条；
　b) 向接收方提供本许可证的副本。

4 制造与传播产品
您可制造或传播产品，但须确保产品接收方能够获取适用于该产品的所有声明。

5 免责声明与责任限制
5.1 免责声明——受保护的源代码及产品均以“现状”提供，任何明示或默示的担保（包括但不限于适销性、质量满意度、不侵犯第三方权利、特定用途适用性）均按法律允许的最大范围予以免责。
许可方不保证任何源代码或产品不侵犯专利、版权、商业秘密或其他专有权利。使用源代码或产品的全部风险由您自行承担。本免责声明是本许可证的核心部分，也是授予权利的前提条件。
5.2 责任排除与限制——在法律允许的最大范围内，许可方对因受保护的源代码、修改后的受保护的源代码、产品或制造/传播行为导致的任何直接、间接、特殊、附带、后果性、惩罚性或其他损害
（包括替代品采购、使用损失、数据或利润损失、业务中断等）概不负责。即使许可方被告知此类损害的可能性，您仍应免除许可方的所有责任，并承担第三方索赔的相关费用。

6 专利权
6.1 在遵守本许可证条款的前提下，许可方授予您永久的、全球性的、非独占的、免费的、免版税的、不可撤销的（除第 6 条或许可方因故终止外）专利许可，允许您制造、使用、销售、
进口及以其他方式转让受保护的源代码和产品。此许可仅适用于许可方可授权的、因行使受保护的源代码权利而必然侵权的专利权利要求。
6.2 若您对任何实体提起专利诉讼（包括交叉诉讼或反诉），主张受保护的源代码或产品构成直接或间接专利侵权，或寻求宣告依本许可证获得的专利无效或不可执行，则本许可证授予您的权利自诉讼启动之日起终止。

7 其他条款
7.1 若本许可证任何条款无效或不可执行，其余条款仍有效。
7.2 您不得使用许可方或 CERN 的名称（含缩写）、形象或标识，除非为遵守第 3 条或法律允许的情况。此类使用须客观真实，且不得暗示许可方或 CERN 的认可或参与。
7.3 CERN 可发布本许可证的更新版本或变体，新版本将带有唯一版本号和变体标识。若许可方未指定版本，则受保护的源代码视为适用该变体的最新 CERN-OHL 版本；未指定变体时，默认适用 CERN-OHL-S。
7.4 本许可证仅可由许可方执行，不承认任何第三方受益人权利。

Preamble

CERN has developed this licence to promote collaboration among
hardware designers and to provide a legal tool which supports the
freedom to use, study, modify, share and distribute hardware designs
and products based on those designs. Version 2 of the CERN Open
Hardware Licence comes in three variants: this licence, CERN-OHL-P
(permissive); and two reciprocal licences: CERN-OHL-W (weakly
reciprocal) and CERN-OHL-S (strongly reciprocal).

The CERN-OHL-P is copyright CERN 2020. Anyone is welcome to use it, in
unmodified form only.

Use of this Licence does not imply any endorsement by CERN of any
Licensor or their designs nor does it imply any involvement by CERN in
their development.


1 Definitions

  1.1 'Licence' means this CERN-OHL-P.

  1.2 'Source' means information such as design materials or digital
      code which can be applied to Make or test a Product or to
      prepare a Product for use, Conveyance or sale, regardless of its
      medium or how it is expressed. It may include Notices.

  1.3 'Covered Source' means Source that is explicitly made available
      under this Licence.

  1.4 'Product' means any device, component, work or physical object,
      whether in finished or intermediate form, arising from the use,
      application or processing of Covered Source.

  1.5 'Make' means to create or configure something, whether by
      manufacture, assembly, compiling, loading or applying Covered
      Source or another Product or otherwise.

  1.6 'Notice' means copyright, acknowledgement and trademark notices,
      references to the location of any Notices, modification notices
      (subsection 3.3(b)) and all notices that refer to this Licence
      and to the disclaimer of warranties that are included in the
      Covered Source.

  1.7 'Licensee' or 'You' means any person exercising rights under
      this Licence.

  1.8 'Licensor' means a person who creates Source or modifies Covered
      Source and subsequently Conveys the resulting Covered Source
      under the terms and conditions of this Licence. A person may be
      a Licensee and a Licensor at the same time.

  1.9 'Convey' means to communicate to the public or distribute.


2 Applicability

  2.1 This Licence governs the use, copying, modification, Conveying
      of Covered Source and Products, and the Making of Products. By
      exercising any right granted under this Licence, You irrevocably
      accept these terms and conditions.

  2.2 This Licence is granted by the Licensor directly to You, and
      shall apply worldwide and without limitation in time.

  2.3 You shall not attempt to restrict by contract or otherwise the
      rights granted under this Licence to other Licensees.

  2.4 This Licence is not intended to restrict fair use, fair dealing,
      or any other similar right.


3 Copying, Modifying and Conveying Covered Source

  3.1 You may copy and Convey verbatim copies of Covered Source, in
      any medium, provided You retain all Notices.

  3.2 You may modify Covered Source, other than Notices.

      You may only delete Notices if they are no longer applicable to
      the corresponding Covered Source as modified by You and You may
      add additional Notices applicable to Your modifications.

  3.3 You may Convey modified Covered Source (with the effect that You
      shall also become a Licensor) provided that You:

       a) retain Notices as required in subsection 3.2; and

       b) add a Notice to the modified Covered Source stating that You
          have modified it, with the date and brief description of how
          You have modified it.

  3.4 You may Convey Covered Source or modified Covered Source under
      licence terms which differ from the terms of this Licence
      provided that You:

       a) comply at all times with subsection 3.3; and

       b) provide a copy of this Licence to anyone to whom You
          Convey Covered Source or modified Covered Source.


4 Making and Conveying Products

You may Make Products, and/or Convey them, provided that You ensure
that the recipient of the Product has access to any Notices applicable
to the Product.


5 DISCLAIMER AND LIABILITY

  5.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY -- The Covered Source and any Products
      are provided 'as is' and any express or implied warranties,
      including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
      merchantability, of satisfactory quality, non-infringement of
      third party rights, and fitness for a particular purpose or use
      are disclaimed in respect of any Source or Product to the
      maximum extent permitted by law. The Licensor makes no
      representation that any Source or Product does not or will not
      infringe any patent, copyright, trade secret or other
      proprietary right. The entire risk as to the use, quality, and
      performance of any Source or Product shall be with You and not
      the Licensor. This disclaimer of warranty is an essential part
      of this Licence and a condition for the grant of any rights
      granted under this Licence.

  5.2 EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY -- The Licensor shall, to
      the maximum extent permitted by law, have no liability for
      direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary,
      punitive or other damages of any character including, without
      limitation, procurement of substitute goods or services, loss of
      use, data or profits, or business interruption, however caused
      and on any theory of contract, warranty, tort (including
      negligence), product liability or otherwise, arising in any way
      in relation to the Covered Source, modified Covered Source
      and/or the Making or Conveyance of a Product, even if advised of
      the possibility of such damages, and You shall hold the
      Licensor(s) free and harmless from any liability, costs,
      damages, fees and expenses, including claims by third parties,
      in relation to such use.


6 Patents

  6.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Licence, each
      Licensor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
      non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as
      stated in this section 6, or where terminated by the Licensor
      for cause) patent licence to Make, have Made, use, offer to
      sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Covered Source
      and Products, where such licence applies only to those patent
      claims licensable by such Licensor that are necessarily
      infringed by exercising rights under the Covered Source as
      Conveyed by that Licensor.

  6.2 If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including
      a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
      Covered Source or a Product constitutes direct or contributory
      patent infringement, or You seek any declaration that a patent
      licensed to You under this Licence is invalid or unenforceable
      then any rights granted to You under this Licence shall
      terminate as of the date such process is initiated.


7 General

  7.1 If any provisions of this Licence are or subsequently become
      invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining
      provisions shall remain effective.

  7.2 You shall not use any of the name (including acronyms and
      abbreviations), image, or logo by which the Licensor or CERN is
      known, except where needed to comply with section 3, or where
      the use is otherwise allowed by law. Any such permitted use
      shall be factual and shall not be made so as to suggest any kind
      of endorsement or implication of involvement by the Licensor or
      its personnel.

  7.3 CERN may publish updated versions and variants of this Licence
      which it considers to be in the spirit of this version, but may
      differ in detail to address new problems or concerns. New
      versions will be published with a unique version number and a
      variant identifier specifying the variant. If the Licensor has
      specified that a given variant applies to the Covered Source
      without specifying a version, You may treat that Covered Source
      as being released under any version of the CERN-OHL with that
      variant. If no variant is specified, the Covered Source shall be
      treated as being released under CERN-OHL-S. The Licensor may
      also specify that the Covered Source is subject to a specific
      version of the CERN-OHL or any later version in which case You
      may apply this or any later version of CERN-OHL with the same
      variant identifier published by CERN.

  7.4 This Licence shall not be enforceable except by a Licensor
      acting as such, and third party beneficiary rights are
      specifically excluded.
